Docs: Add max_streams to Promtail configuration doc (#7489)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/promtail/configuration.md

# log lines, rather than sending them to Loki. When false, exceeding the rate limit
# causes this instance of Promtail to temporarily hold off on sending the log lines and retry later.
[readline_rate_drop: <bool> | default = true]

# Limits the max number of active streams.

> # Limiting the number of streams is useful as a mechanism to limit memory usage by Promtail, helping
> # avoiding OOM scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Limiting the number of streams is useful as a mechanism to limit memory usage by Promtail, which helps
# to avoid OOM scenarios.
```
